= kaltura-ruby


A gem implementation of Kaltura's Ruby API client.  The kaltura-ruby library suffers from poor namespacing, file separation, and a bug preventing multipart POST requests to the Kaltura API.  This gem is a work in progress, and the interface may change between versions as this this library is one giant refactoring project.

Project Page - http://www.kaltura.org/project/kcl_ruby

Gem Documentation - http://rdoc.info/projects/Velir/kaltura-ruby

= Installation

    $ gem install velir_kaltura-ruby

In a rails application:

    # config/environment.rb
    config.gem "velir_kaltura-ruby",:lib=>"kaltura"


= Usage

    require 'yaml'
    require 'kaltura'
    
    # These values may be retrieved from your KMC account
    login_email = your_login_email
    login_password = your_login_password
    partner_id = your_partner_id
    subpartner_id = your_subpartner_id
    administrator_secret = your_administrator_secret
    user_secret = your_user_secret
	service_url = custom_kce_service_url # url to your own kaltura ce instance.
    
    config = Kaltura::Configuration.new( service_url, partner_id )
    client = Kaltura::Client.new( config )
    session = client.session_service.start( administrator_secret, '', Kaltura::Constants::SessionType::ADMIN )
    client.ks = session
    
    filter = Kaltura::Filter::BaseFilter.new
    pager = Kaltura::FilterPager.new
    
    media = client.media_service.list(filter, pager)
    puts "\nmedia:"
    puts media.to_yaml


= Tests
  If your running tests you need the following dependencies.
  	sudo gem install jeweler
	sudo gem install spicycode-rcov
	sudo gem install shoulda

	Set up yaml file:
	copy the config/server.yml.template to  config/server.yml and enter your kaltura information
	
	Execute the tests:
	rake test
	
	You should see the following results:
	3 tests, 2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips

	Venturit team is in the process of adding more tests. Should be available soon.
	
== Copyright

The original Ruby client library for Kaltura may be found at http://www.kaltura.org/project/kcl_ruby .  This implementation of the library as a gem attempts to track the Kaltura svn as closely as possible while adding relevant documentation.

This library is released in compliance with the GNU Affero General Public License.

Copyright (c) 2006-2010 Kaltura Inc.  See LICENSE for details.
